你好，Mr.Paik，我是SPP CN的Haowen Deng，很高兴你能在工作时间内与我们进行语音连线并且聆听我们的工作汇报。
Hello, Mr.Paik, I am SPP CN Haowen Deng, I am glad you can work time with us voice link and listen to our work report.

本次工作汇报的目的，是因为有很长一段时间，没有与你语音沟通，并且SPP CN的成员们也没有通过Message的方式与你直接对话。因此，成员们希望能够组织一次简单的语音汇报，向你表达一下紧后的工作安排。
The purpose of this presentation was that there was no voice communication with you for a long time, and the members of SPP CN did not speak directly to you through Message. So, The team members would like to be able to organize a simple voice presentation to show you the tight schedule.

另外，最近团队基于人力资源管理上会出现变化与调整，我们需要相关信息同步于你，让你知道SPP CN的成员最新情况。
In addition, the recent changes and adjustments in team management based on human resources management, we need relevant information to synchronize with you, let you know the latest SPP CN members.

在进行工作汇报之前，请先让我们每位SPP CN的成员与你简单地自我介绍.
Before you do your presentation, let each of our SPP CN members introduce themselves briefly to you.

在进行工作汇报之前，请先让我简单介绍一下SPP CN目前最新的成员.
Before proceeding to the presentation, let me briefly introduce the current members of SPP CN.

我们的PM，Hugo Cao。
Our PM, Hugo Cao. 

TA成员Yingdong Yang，Jingyue Su，Yingju Cheng。
Ta members Yingdong Yang, Jingyue Su, Yingju Cheng. 

DBA成员Zeng Zhang、Zhuoxin Yang。
DBA members Zeng Zhang, Zhuoxin Yang.

需要与你说明一下，Xin Cheng于8月5日开始不再在SPP CN工作。
I need to explain to you that Xin Cheng will no longer work in SPP CN on 5 August.

而我将会成为TL带领各成员继续开展SPP CN的工作。
And The hydsoft decided to authorize me to be TL and to lead the SPP CN members in their continuing work.

我向您保证我会尽自己最大的努力，将TL的工作做到最好，保证业务稳定，请您放心。
I assure you that I will do my best to do the best job of TL, to ensure business stability, please rest assured.

Paik先生您有没有什么疑问呢？
Mr. Paik, do you have any questions?

好的，如果没有疑问的话，我们继续下一个内容。
Well, if there's no question, let's move on to the next one.

好的，你说的内容我已经记下来了，会议结束后我会在线下进行排查与确认，再给你一个正式的回复。
Well, I've already written down what you said. I'll check and confirm online after the meeting, and give you a formal reply.

Paik先生，以上就是SPP CN成员的最新状况。
Mr. Paik, that is the latest status of SPP CN members.
